feat: remove hostname/path routing, add per-relation port allocation (#134)
canonical/content-cache-operator: docs/how-to/enable-https.md

Reviewer: Do you think that the short name of this guide should be updated in `docs/how-to/index.md`? Right now it's still displayed as `Enable HTTPS`, which might be fine, but also wanted to point it out in case we should update to something like `Connect to HTTPS backends` :)

<img width="296" height="407" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/51c5f8a1-7211-42e1-a1e6-9ea8680c82d2" />

(how_to_enable_https)=

# How to connect to HTTPS backends

The Content Cache charm can proxy to backends over HTTPS by setting the `protocol` option
on the `content-cache-backends-config` charm.

```bash
juju config backends protocol=https
```

When `protocol=https`, nginx connects to the backend IP addresses over TLS on port 443.

> ## Skipping SSL certificate verification

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Skip SSL certificate verification
```

If the backends use self-signed certificates, you must disable SSL verification for the

> healthcheck probes, otherwise all backends will be marked as down:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the backends use self-signed certificates, you must disable SSL verification for the
healthcheck probes, or all backends will be marked as down. To disable SSL verification, run:
```

```bash
juju config backends healthcheck-ssl-verify=false
```

## TLS termination for incoming traffic

The Content Cache charm does not terminate TLS for incoming client requests.
Client-facing TLS termination is expected to be handled by an upstream ingress component,

> such as haproxy configured with the `ingress-configurator` charm.

Reviewer: Same comment here about HAProxy or `` `haproxy` ``
